have no right, title or interest in any such insurance or annuity contract. The Company reserves the right to refuse participation in the plan to any Participant who, if requested to do so, declines to supply information or to otherwise cooperate as necessary to allow the Company to obtain insurance on the Participant’s life. 9. PLAN MAY BE MODIFIED OR DISCONTINUED The Company reserves the right to amend, modify or discontinue the Plan at any time. Any modification or discontinuance of benefits shall not reduce accrued benefits which become vested prior thereto. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, in no event shall the Plan be amended, modified or discontinued in a manner that would have the impact, whether or not intended, of causing the Plan or any Participant in the Plan to violate the provisions of Code Section 409A. Any such amendment, modification or discontinuance shall be void and of no effect. 10. ASSIGNABILITY Except to the extent permitted under Paragraph 5(a), no right to receive payments under this Plan shall be subject to voluntary or involuntary alienation, assignment or transfer. 11. ADMINISTRATION OF THE PLAN The Plan shall be administered by the Plan Administrator. The Plan Administrator shall have discretionary authority to conclusively interpret the provisions of the Plan, decide all claims, and to make all determinations under the Plan. If the Plan Administrator is a committee, it shall act by vote or written consent of a majority of its members. The Plan Administrator may appoint or employ any agents it deems advisable, including legal and actuarial counsel. When making a determination or calculation, the Plan Administrator shall be entitled to rely upon information furnished by a Participant, Spouse, or Beneficiary, the Company, and the legal or actuarial counsel of the Company. The Plan Administrator may delegate to any person, entity or committee all or any portion of the authority allocated to the Plan Administrator under this Plan. Any such delegation may be revoked at any time. Delegations and revocations thereof shall be in writing. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, this Plan shall at all times be administered in compliance with Code Section 409A. 12. CLAIMS PROCEDURE All claims for benefits under the Plan shall be made to the Plan Administrator. If the Plan Administrator denies a claim, the Plan Administrator shall provide notice to the Participant or beneficiary, in writing, within 90 days after the claim is filed unless special circumstances require an extension of time for processing the claim, not to exceed an additional 90 days. If the Plan Administrator does not notify the Participant or beneficiary of the denial of the claim within the time period specified above, then the claim shall be deemed denied. The notice of a denial of a claim shall be written in a manner calculated to be understood by the claimant and shall set H:\Edgar\BHC2009\Form 10K YE 2008\ex10-5_restorationplan.htm 7 forth (1) the specific reason or reasons for the claim denial; (2) specific references to the pertinent Plan provisions on which the denial is based; (3) a description of any additional material or information necessary for the claimant to perfect the claim and an explanation as to why such information is necessary; and (4) a description of the Plan’s review procedures, including any time limits for such procedures. Within 60 days after receipt of the above material, the claimant shall have a reasonable opportunity to appeal the claim denial to the Plan Administrator for a full and fair review. The claimant or his duly authorized representative may (1) request a review within the foregoing sixty-(60) day period upon written notice to the Plan Administrator; (2) upon request and free of charge, have reasonable access to and copies of all documents, records, and other information relevant to the claim; and (3) submit written comments, documents, records, and other information relating to the claim for benefits. The foregoing review shall take into account all comments, documents, records, and other information submitted by the claimant relating to the claim, without regard to whether such information was submitted or considered in the initial benefit determination. If a claimant fails to request a review within sixty (60) days after receipt of the notice of claim denial, the Plan Administrator’s initial determination will be final and binding on all parties. A decision on the review by the Plan Administrator will be made not later than 60 days after receipt of a request for review, unless special circumstances require an extension of time for processing (such as the need to hold a hearing), in which case a decision shall be rendered as soon as possible, but not later than 120 days after receipt of a request for review. The decision on review shall be in writing and shall include (1) the specific reason or reasons for the determination on review; (2) reference to the specific plan provisions on which the benefit determination is based; and (3) a statement that the claimant is entitled to receive, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records, and other information relevant to the claimant’s claim for benefits. The Plan Administrator’s determination on review will be final and binding on all parties. 13. WITHHOLDING There shall be deducted from all benefits paid under this Plan the amount of any taxes required to be withheld by any federal, state or local government. The Participants and their beneficiaries, distributees and personal representatives will bear any and all federal, foreign, state, local or other income or other taxes imposed on amounts paid under this Plan. 14. GOVERNING LAW This agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of South Dakota, to the extent not preempted by federal law. H:\Edgar\BHC2009\Form 10K YE 2008\ex10-5_restorationplan.htm 8 15. NO EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT Neither the action taken by the Company in establishing the Plan or any action taken by it or by the Plan Administrator under the provisions hereof or any provision of the Plan shall be construed as giving to any eligible Participant the right to be retained in the employment of the Company. 16. NONQUALIFIED AND UNFUNDED PLAN Notwithstanding anything contained herein, it is intended that this Plan be treated as “nonqualified” and unfunded for tax purposes and for purposes of Title I of ERISA. 17. CHANGE IN CONTROL In the event of a Change in Control (as defined in a Change in Control Agreement, if any, in effect between a Participant and the Company at the date a Change in Control occurs), the terms of such Change in Control Agreement shall apply with respect to such Participant. PART II 18. DEFINITIONS Except as otherwise provided herein, the terms used in Part II of the Plan shall have the meaning assigned to them under the BHC Pension Plan. In addition, the following terms shall apply for purposes of this Plan: "Average Restoration Earnings" shall mean the average of the Participant’s Restoration Earnings determined using the same rules, methods and procedures used to determine Average Monthly Earnings under the BHC Pension Plan. "Average Monthly Restoration Earnings" shall mean an amount equal to 1/12 of a Participant's Average Restoration Earnings. “BHC Pension Plan” shall mean the Pension Plan of Black Hills Corporation, as in effect as of the Calculation Date. “Dependent Child” shall mean a legitimately born or legally adopted child of the Participant who has not attained age 18. “Disability” or “Disabled” shall mean that a Participant is absent from employment with the Company because of a disability that makes him eligible for benefits under the Company's long term disability plan. Disability ends when the Participant ceases to be eligible for benefits under the Company’s long term disability plan. “Disabled Participant” shall mean a Participant who became Disabled while an Active Participant and who continues to accrue benefits under the terms of the BHC Pension Plan. A Participant shall cease to be a Disabled Participant when he ceases to be eligible for benefits under the Company’s long term disability plan. H:\Edgar\BHC2009\Form 10K YE 2008\ex10-5_restorationplan.htm 9 “Normal Retirement Date” shall mean the last day of the month in which the Participant attains age 65. "Restoration Earnings" shall mean the Participant’s Earnings, as defined for purposes of the BHC Pension Plan but determined without regard to the Annual Compensation Limitation, for a calendar year plus the amount, if any, by which (i) exceeds (ii), where (i) is the amount of salary, bonus, or other compensation that the Participant has elected to defer under the Company’s Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan for the calendar year and (ii) is the amount, if any, by which (A) exceeds (B), where (A) is the Annual Compensation Limitation for the calendar year and (B) is the Participant’s Earnings under the BHC Pension Plan for the calendar year. “Section 415 Benefit Limitation” shall mean the limitation on the provision of annual benefits as set out in the BHC Pension Plan. 19. RETIREMENT BENEFITS - PARTICIPANTS WHOSE BHC PENSION PLAN BENEFITS COMMENCE AFTER 2004 AND BEFORE JANUARY 1, 2009 If payment of a Participant’s BHC Pension Plan benefit begins on or after January 1, 2005 and before January 1, 2009, then the Participant shall be entitled to receive a Restoration Benefit equal to the amount, if any, by which (a) exceeds (b), where; (a) is the monthly benefit that would have been provided to the Participant under the BHC Pension Plan calculated using the Participant’s Average Monthly Restoration Earnings and determined without regard to the Section 415 Benefit Limitation; and (b) is the actual monthly benefit provided to the Participant under the BHC Pension Plan. The Restoration Benefit shall be payable at like times and in like manner as the BHC Pension Plan benefit, provided that Restoration Benefits becoming payable to a Key Employee on account of such Key Employee’s Termination of Employment shall be delayed in accordance with the provisions of the second paragraph of subparagraph 20(b). Notwithstanding anything contained above, in the event that a Participant hereunder is not a participant in or eligible to participate in the BHC Pension Plan, then such Participant shall have no right to any Restoration Benefit under this paragraph, and nothing contained herein shall be deemed to provide for or suggest the right in any Participant hereunder to be a participant or be eligible to participate in the BHC Pension Plan. 20. RETIREMENT BENEFITS - PARTICIPANTS WHOSE BHC PENSION PLAN BENEFITS COMMENCE ON OR AFTER JANUARY 1, 2009 (a) Amount of Benefit – Participants Other than Disabled Participants. If payment of a Participant’s BHC Pension Plan benefit does not begin before January 1, 2009, the Participant’s Restoration Benefit shall be the amount, determined as of the Calculation Date, by which (1) exceeds (2), where: H:\Edgar\BHC2009\Form 10K YE 2008\ex10-5_restorationplan.htm 10 (1) is the Gross Monthly Benefit payable as a Single Life Annuity which would have been provided to the Participant under the BHC Pension Plan commencing at the Participant’s Normal Retirement Date, calculated using the Participant’s Average Monthly Restoration Earnings and determined without regard to the Section 415 Benefit Limitation; and (2) is the Gross Monthly Benefit payable as a Single Life Annuity to the Participant under the BHC Pension Plan commencing at the Participant’s Normal Retirement Date. If payment of the Restoration Benefit begins before the Participant’s Normal Retirement Date, the benefit will be reduced for early commencement using (i) the early retirement reduction factors specified in Section 4.2 of the BHC Pension Plan or (ii) the deferred vested factors specified in Section 5.1 of the BHC Pension Plan, as applicable. (b) Amount of Benefit – Disabled Participants. The Restoration Benefit payable to a Participant who is a Disabled Participant on the later of (i) the date he attains age 55 and (ii) the date of his Termination of Employment will be equal to the amount, if any, by which (1) exceeds (2), where: (1) is the Gross Monthly Benefit payable as a Single Life Annuity which would have been provided to the Participant under Section 4.7 of the BHC Pension Plan commencing on the first day of the month following the Participant’s Normal Retirement Date, calculated using the Participant’s Average Monthly Restoration Earnings and the number of years of Credited Service that he would have had if he had remained Disabled until his Normal Retirement Date, and determined without regard to the Section 415 Benefit Limitation; and (2) is the actual Gross Monthly Benefit payable as a Single Life Annuity to the Participant under Section 4.7 of the BHC Pension Plan commencing on the first day of the month following the Participant’s Normal Retirement Date. If payment of the Restoration Benefit begins before the Participant’s Normal Retirement Date, the benefit will be reduced for early commencement using (i) the early retirement reduction factors specified in Section 4.2 of the BHC Pension Plan or (ii) the deferred vested factors specified in Section 5.1 of the BHC Pension Plan, as applicable. (c) Time of Payment. Unless otherwise elected under subparagraph 20(e), payment of the Restoration Benefit shall commence within 60 days after the first day of the month following the later of (i) the date the Participant attains 55 years of age or (ii) the date of the Participant’s Termination of Employment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Participant whose Termination of Employment occurred before January 1, 2009 and who has not elected otherwise under subparagraph 20(e), payment of the Restoration Benefit shall commence within 60 days after the first day of the month following the later of (i) the date the Participant attains 55 years of age and (ii) January 1, 2009. H:\Edgar\BHC2009\Form 10K YE 2008\ex10-5_restorationplan.htm 11 Notwithstanding any provision of this Plan to the contrary, if payment of a Key Employee’s vested Restoration Benefit is to be made on account of the Key Employee’s Termination of Employment, payment to such Key Employee shall begin within 60 days after the later of (1) the first day of the seventh month after the Participant’s Termination of Employment or (2) the date otherwise specified herein. If payment is deferred under this paragraph, the first payment of such Participant’s Restoration Benefit shall include a lump sum equal to the sum of the missed monthly payments, plus interest at the Applicable Interest Rate. (d) Form of Payment. The Participant may elect, at any time before payment begins, to receive payment of his Restoration Benefit in the form of a Single Life Annuity, a Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity, a Contingent Annuity Option or a Period Certain Option. Such election shall be made in writing in accordance with procedures established by the Plan Administrator. If a Participant fails to elect a form of payment, payment shall be made as a Single Life Annuity if the Participant is unmarried when payment begins or a Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity if the Participant is married when payment begins. A Participant may not change the form of payment after payment begins. (e) Optional Elections as to Time of Payment. A Participant may elect, in accordance with the provisions of this subparagraph 20(e) and procedures established by the Plan Administrator, to defer payment of his Restoration Benefit payable under this Paragraph 20 beyond the date on which payment would otherwise begin, provided that such election shall not apply to pre-retirement death benefits under this Plan. Any election made under this subparagraph 20(e) shall also apply if the Participant’s Restoration Benefit is payable under Paragraph 24 instead of this Paragraph 20. (1) Initial Election. A Participant who enters the Plan before January 1, 2009 and whose benefits do not commence before January 1, 2009 may elect, at any time before December 31, 2008, to have payment of his Restoration Benefit commence on the later of Termination of Employment or a specified date (or attainment of a specified age) that is after the date the Participant attains age 55 . Each other Participant may elect, at any time during the period beginning on the date he is designated as a Participant and ending 30 days after his Participation begins, to have payment of his Restoration Benefit commence on a specified date that is after the date as of which payment would otherwise commence under subparagraph 20(c); provided that such Participant shall have no vested interest in his Restoration Benefit until the later of (A) the date the Participant would otherwise become 100% vested pursuant to the terms of Paragraph 22 and (B) the first day of the 14th month following the date he enters the Plan (unless, prior to the later of such dates, a Participant who otherwise meets the conditions for 100% vesting pursuant to Paragraph 22 dies or becomes disabled (as defined for purposes of Code Section 409A), in which case the Restoration Benefit, if any, shall be 100% vested). (2) Subsequent Election. A Participant may elect at any time to defer payment of his Restoration Benefit to a specified date that is at least 5 years after the date on which payment would otherwise begin under subparagraph H:\Edgar\BHC2009\Form 10K YE 2008\ex10-5_restorationplan.htm 12 20(d) or, if later, under an election made pursuant to subparagraph 20(e)(1); provided that such election will not become effective until 12 months after the date the election is made; and provided further that the election must be made at least 12 months before the date on which payment would otherwise begin. 21. PRE-RETIREMENT DEATH BENEFITS The provisions of this Paragraph 21 describe the death benefits, if any, payable with respect to a Participant who dies before payment of his Restoration Benefits begins. (a) Death Before Age 55 as an Active or Disabled Participant. (1) Amount of Benefit. If the Participant dies before age 55 as an Active Participant or a Disabled Participant and if payment of any death benefits due with respect to the Participant under the BHC Pension Plan has not begun by January 1, 2009, then the Participant’s surviving Spouse or Dependent Children, as applicable, shall be entitled to receive a Restoration Death Benefit, which first payment shall be equal to the amount, if any, by which (A) exceeds (B), where (A) is the Gross Monthly Death Benefit that would have been provided under Section 5.4(a) of the BHC Pension Plan, commencing on the first day of the month following the Participant’s death, if the benefit payable before the Participant’s 55th birthday had been calculated using the Participant’s Restoration Earnings and the benefit payable after the Participant’s 55th birthday had been calculated using the Participant’s Restoration Earnings or the Participant’s Average Monthly Restoration Earnings, as applicable, and determined without regard to the reduction in the Section 415 Benefit Limitation; and (B) is the actual Gross Monthly Death Benefit payable under Section 5.4(a) of the BHC Pension Plan, commencing on the first day of the month following the Participant’s death. The amount of each monthly payment after this first payment shall not change for any reason, including the remarriage of the Spouse. (2) Time of Payment and Form of Payment. Payment of the death benefit described in (1) above will be paid monthly. Payment will commence within 60 days after the first day of the month following the later of (i) the date of the Participant’s death or (ii) January 1, 2009. The last payment will be due on the first day of the month in which the last of the following occurs: (A) The death of the surviving Spouse; H:\Edgar\BHC2009\Form 10K YE 2008\ex10-5_restorationplan.htm 13 (B) The 18th birthday of the last living Dependent Child of the Participant; or (C) The death of the last Dependent Child of the Participant who has not attained age eighteen (18). If there is no surviving Spouse or if the surviving Spouse is not living on the due date of any monthly payment of the survivor benefit, such monthly payment shall be divided in equal shares and paid to the Dependent Child or Dependent Children of the Participant who are surviving and have not attained age 18 on such date. (b) Death at or after Age 55 as an Active or Disabled Participant. (1) Amount of Benefit. If the Participant dies at or after age 55 as an Active Participant or a Disabled Participant and if payment of any death benefits due with respect to the Participant under the BHC Pension Plan has not begun by January 1, 2009, then the Participant’s surviving Spouse or Dependent Children, as applicable, shall be entitled to receive a Restoration Death Benefit, which first payment shall be equal to the amount, if any, by which (A) exceeds (B), where (A) is the Gross Monthly Death Benefit which would have been provided under Section 5.4 (b) of the BHC Pension Plan, as applicable, commencing on the first day of the month following the Participant’s death, if such benefit had been calculated using the Participant’s Restoration Earnings or the Participant’s Average Monthly Restoration Earnings, as applicable, and determined without regard to the reduction in the Section 415 Benefit Limitation; and (B) is the actual Gross Monthly Death Benefit payable under Section 5.4(b) of the BHC Pension Plan, commencing on the first day of the month following the Participant’s death, or, in the case of a Disabled Participant who dies after payment of his benefit begins under the BHC Pension Plan but before his Normal Retirement Date, the Gross Monthly Death Benefit that would have been payable under Section 5.4(b) of the BHC Pension Plan, commencing on the first day of the month following the Participant’s death, if he had not elected to begin payment of his benefit under the BHC Pension Plan before his death. The amount of each monthly payment after this first payment shall not change for any reason, including the remarriage of the Spouse. (2) Time of Payment and Form of Payment. Payment of the death benefit described in (1) above will be made monthly. Payment will commence within 60 days after the first day of the month following the later of (i) the H:\Edgar\BHC2009\Form 10K YE 2008\ex10-5_restorationplan.htm 14 date of the Participant’s death or (ii) January 1, 2009. The last payment will be due on the first day of the month in which the last of the following occurs: (A) The death of the surviving Spouse; (B) The 18th birthday of the last living Dependent Child of the Participant; or (C) The death of the last Dependent Child of the Participant who has not attained age 18. If there is no surviving Spouse or if the surviving Spouse is not living on the due date of any monthly payment of the survivor benefit, such monthly payment shall be divided in equal shares and paid to the Dependent Child or Dependent Children of the Participant who are surviving and have not attained age 18 on such date. (c) Death after Termination of Employment. (1) Amount of Benefit. If a Participant who has a vested right to his Restoration Benefit dies at a time when he is not an Active Participant or a Disabled Participant, and if payment of any death benefits due under the BHC Pension Plan has not begun by January 1, 2009, then the Participant’s surviving Spouse shall be entitled to receive a Restoration Benefit, which shall be equal to the amount, if any, by which (A) exceeds (B), where (A) is the Gross Monthly Death Benefit which would have been provided under Section 5.4(c) of the BHC Pension Plan commencing on the first day of the month following the later of (1) the Participant’s death or (2) the date the Participant would have attaine age 55, if such benefit had been calculated using the Participant’s Average Monthly Restoration Earnings and determined without regard to the reduction in the Section 415 Benefit Limitation; and (B) is the actual Gross Monthly Death Benefit payable under the BHC Pension Plan commencing on the first day of the month following the later of (1) the Participant’s death or (2) the date the Participant would have attained age 55. If payment begins before the date the Participant would have attained age 55, the Plan benefit will be the Actuarial Equivalent of the benefit commencing at the date the Participant would have attained age 55. The last payment of the monthly death benefit will be due on the first day of the month in which the death of the surviving Spouse occurs. H:\Edgar\BHC2009\Form 10K YE 2008\ex10-5_restorationplan.htm 15 (2) Time of Payment and Form of Payment. Payment of the monthly death benefit described in (1) will commence within 60 days after the first day of the month beginning after the later of (i) the date of the Participant’s death or (ii) January 1, 2009. If payment begins after the date the Participant would have attained age 55 but before the Participant’s Normal Retirement Date, the Plan benefit will be reduced for early commencement, if applicable, under the terms of the BHC Pension Plan. 22. VESTING Except as otherwise provided herein (including, but not limited to, the provisions of subparagraph 20(e)(1)), a Participant’s Restoration Benefit will vest only in accordance with the following table: Years of Vesting Service Percent of Benefit Vested Less than 5 years 0 5 or more years 100 Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Participant’s Restoration Benefit shall be 100% vested if the Participant is an Active Participant or Disabled Participant on his 65th birthday or, if earlier, the date of his death. The provisions for vesting set forth in this paragraph are not intended to give any Participants any right or claim to any specific assets of the Company. PART III 23. DEFINITIONS Except as otherwise provided herein, the terms used in Part III of the Plan shall have the meaning assigned to them under the BHUH Pension Plan. In addition, the following terms shall apply for purposes of this Plan: “Average Monthly Restoration Earnings” shall mean the average of the Participant’s Monthly Restoration Earnings determined using the same rules, methods and procedures used to determine Average Monthly Earnings under the BHUH Pension Plan. “BHUH Pension Plan” shall mean the Black Hills Utility Holdings, Inc. Pension Plan, as in effect as of the Calculation Date. “Disability” or “Disabled” shall mean that a Participant has been determined to be totally disabled by the Social Security Administration. Disability ends when the Social Security Administration determines that the Participant is no longer totally disabled. H:\Edgar\BHC2009\Form 10K YE 2008\ex10-5_restorationplan.htm 16 “Disabled Participant” shall mean a Participant who had at least 5 years of Service and was an Active Participant when he became Disabled. Disability ends when the Social Security Administration determines that the Participant is no longer totally disabled. “Final Average Restoration Pay” shall mean means the average of the Participant’s Total Monthly Restoration Pay determined using the same rules, methods and procedures used to determine Final Average Pay under the BHUH Pension Plan. “Monthly Restoration Earnings” shall mean Monthly Earnings, as defined for purposes of the BHUH Pension Plan but determined without regard to the Annual Compensation Limitation, for a calendar year plus the amount, if any, by which (i) exceeds (ii), where (i) is the amount of salary, bonus, or other compensation that the Participant has elected to defer under the Company’s Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan for the calendar year and (ii) is the amount, if any, by which (A) exceeds (B), where (A) is the Annual Compensation Limitation for the calendar year and (B) is the Participant’s Monthly Earnings under the BHUH Pension Plan for the calendar year. “Normal Retirement Date” shall mean the first day of the month coinciding with or next following the Participant’s 62nd birthday. "Total Monthly Restoration Pay" shall mean the Participant’s Total Monthly Pay, as defined for purposes of the BHUH Pension Plan, for a calendar year plus the amount, if any, by which (i) exceeds (ii), where (i) is the amount of salary, bonus, or other compensation that the Participant has elected to defer under the Company’s Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan for the calendar year and (ii) is the amount, if any, by which (A) exceeds (B), where (A) is the Annual Compensation Limitation for the calendar year and (B) is the Participant’s Total Monthly Pay under the BHUH Pension Plan for the calendar year. “Section 415 Benefit Limitation” shall mean the limitation on the provision of annual benefits as set out in the BHUH Pension Plan. 24. RETIREMENT BENEFITS (a) Amount of Benefit – Participants Other Than Disabled Participants. The Participant’s Restoration Benefit shall be the amount, determined as of the Calculation Date, by which (1) exceeds (2), where: (1) is the Gross Monthly Benefit payable as a Single Life Annuity that would have been provided to the Participant under the BHUH Pension Plan commencing at the Participant’s Normal Retirement Date, calculated using the Participant’s Final Average Restoration Pay or Average Monthly Restoration Earnings, as applicable, and determined without regard to the Section 415 Benefit Limitation; and (2) is the actual Gross Monthly Benefit payable as a Single Life Annuity to the Participant under the BHUH Pension Plan commencing at the Participant’s Normal Retirement Date. H:\Edgar\BHC2009\Form 10K YE 2008\ex10-5_restorationplan.htm 17 If payment of the Restoration Benefit begins before the Participant’s Normal Retirement Date, the benefit will be reduced for early commencement using (A) the early retirement reduction factors specified in Section 4.03 of the BHUH Pension Plan or (B) the deferred vested factors specified in Section 6.01 of the BHUH Pension Plan, as applicable. (b) Amount of Benefit – Disabled Participants. In the case of a Participant who is a Disabled Participant on the later of (i) the date he attains age 55 and (ii) the date of his Termination of Employment will be equal to the amount determined as of the Calculation Date, if any, by which (1) exceeds (2), where: (1) is the Gross Monthly Benefit payable as a Single Life Annuity that would have been provided to the Participant under the BHUH Pension Plan commencing at the Participant’s Normal Retirement Date, calculated using (A) the Participant’s Final Average Restoration Pay or Average Monthly Restoration Earnings, as applicable, determined as of his Termination of Employment due to Disability and (B) the number of years of Credited Service or Years of GA 106 Service, as applicable, that the Participant would have had if he had remained in active service as a Participant until his Normal Retirement Date and determined without regard to the Section 415 Benefit Limitation; and (2) is the actual Gross Monthly Benefit payable as a Single Life Annuity to the Participant under the BHUH Pension Plan commencing at the Participant’s Normal Retirement Date. If payment of the Restoration Benefit begins before the Participant’s Normal Retirement Date, the benefit will be reduced for early commencement using (A) the early retirement reduction factors specified in Section 4.03 of the BHUH Pension Plan or (B) the deferred vested factors specified in Section 6.01 of the BHUH Pension Plan, as applicable. (c) Time of Payment. Unless otherwise elected under subparagraph 24(d) payment shall begin within 60 days after the first day of the month following the later of (A) the date the Participant attains 55 years of age or (B) the date of the Participant’s Termination of Employment. If payment to a Participant who is a Key Employee is to be made on account of the Participant’s Termination of Employment, payment of such Participant’s Restoration Benefit shall commence within 60 days after the later of (1) the first day of the seventh month after the Participant’s Termination of Employment or (2) the date otherwise specified herein. If payment is deferred under this paragraph, the first payment of such Participant’s Restoration Benefit shall include a lump sum equal to the sum of the missed monthly payments, plus interest at the Applicable Interest Rate. (d) Form of Payment. The Participant may elect, at any time before payment begins, to receive payment of his Restoration Benefit in the form of a Single Life Annuity, a Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity, a Contingent Annuity Option or a Period Certain Option. Such election shall be made in writing in accordance with procedures established by the Plan H:\Edgar\BHC2009\Form 10K YE 2008\ex10-5_restorationplan.htm 18 Administrator. If a Participant fails to elect a form of payment, payment shall be made as a Single Life Annuity if the Participant is unmarried when payment begins or a Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity if the Participant is married when payment begins. A Participant may not change the form of payment after payment begins. (e) Optional Elections as to Time of Payment. A Participant may elect, in accordance with the provisions of this subparagraph 24(e) and procedures established by the Plan Administrator, to defer payment of his Restoration Benefit payable under Paragraph 24 beyond the date on which payment would otherwise begin, provided that such election shall not apply to pre-retirement death benefits under this Plan. Any election made under this subparagraph 24(e) shall also apply if the Participant’s Restoration Benefit is payable under Paragraph 20 instead of this Paragraph 24. (1) Initial Election. A Participant may elect, at any time during the period beginning on the date he is designated as a Participant and ending 30 days after his Participation begins, to have payment of his Restoration Benefit commence on a specified date that is after the date as of which payment would otherwise commence under subparagraph 24(c); provided that such Participant shall have no vested interest in his Restoration Benefit until the later of (A) the date the Participant would otherwise become 100% vested pursuant to the terms of Paragraph 26 and (B) the first day of the 14th month following the date he enters the Plan (unless, prior to the later of such dates, a Participant who otherwise meets the conditions for 100% vesting pursuant to Paragraph 26 dies or becomes Disabled, in which case the Restoration Benefit, if any, shall be 100% vested). (2) Subsequent Election. A Participant may elect at any time to defer payment of his Restoration Benefit to a specified date that is at least 5 years after the date on which payment would otherwise begin under subparagraph 24(c) or, if later, under an election made pursuant to subparagraph 24(e)(1); provided that such election will not become effective until 12 months after the date the election is made; and provided further that the election must be made at least 12 months before the date on which payment would otherwise begin. 25. PRE-RETIREMENT DEATH BENEFITS The provisions of this Paragraph 25 describe the death benefits, if any, payable with respect to a Participant who dies with a surviving Spouse before payment of his Restoration Benefit (other than a Restoration Disability Benefit) begins. If there is no surviving Spouse, no death benefit will be payable. (a) Death While an Active or Disabled Participant . (1) Amount of Benefit. If an Active Participant or a Disabled Participant dies after age 55 or after completing at least 5 years of Service, then the Participant’s surviving Spouse, if any, shall be entitled to receive a H:\Edgar\BHC2009\Form 10K YE 2008\ex10-5_restorationplan.htm 19 Restoration Death Benefit, which shall be equal to the amount, if any, by which (A) exceeds (B), where (A) is the Gross Monthly Death Benefit that would have been provided under Section 7.01(b) or (c) of the BHUH Pension Plan, as applicable, commencing on the first day of the month following the Participant’s death or, if later, the first day of the month following the Participant’s 55th birthday if such death benefit had been calculated using the Participant’s Final Average Restoration Pay or Average Monthly Restoration Earnings, as applicable, and determined without regard to the reduction in the Section 415 Benefit Limitation; and (B) is the actual Gross Monthly Death Benefit payable under Section 7.01(b) or (c) of the BHUH Pension Plan, as applicable, commencing on the first day of the month following the Participant’s death or, if later, the first day of the month following the Participant’s 55th birthday. If payment begins before the date the Participant would have attained age 55, the Plan benefit will be the Actuarial Equivalent of the benefit commencing at the date the Participant would have attained age 55. (2) Time of Payment and Form of Payment. Payment of the monthly death benefit described in (1) above will commence within 60 days after the first day of the month following the later of (i) the date of the Participant’s death or (ii) January 1, 2009. The last payment will be due on the first day of the month in which the death of the surviving Spouse occurs. (b) Death while Inactive; Less than 10 Years of Service and Terminated before Age 55 (1) Amount of Benefit . If a Participant (other than a Disabled Participant) is not an Active Participant, had a Termination of Employment prior to age 55, has a vested right to his Restoration Benefit and dies at a time when he has less than 10 years of Service, then the Participant’s surviving Spouse shall be entitled to receive a Restoration Benefit, which shall be equal to the amount, if any, by which (A) exceeds (B), where (A) is the Gross Monthly Death Benefit that would have been provided under Section 7.01(d) of the BHUH Pension Plan commencing on (1) the first day of the month following the Participant’s death or, if later, (2) the Participant’s Normal Retirement Date if such benefit had been calculated using the Participant’s Final Average Restoration Pay or Average Monthly Restoration Earnings, as H:\Edgar\BHC2009\Form 10K YE 2008\ex10-5_restorationplan.htm 20 applicable, and determined without regard to the reduction in the Section 415 Benefit Limitation; and (B) is the actual Gross Monthly Death Benefit payable under Section 7.01(d) of the BHUH Pension Plan commencing on (1) the first day of the month following the Participant’s death or, if later (2) the Participant’s Normal Retirement Date. If payment begins on or after the date the Participant would have attained age 55 and before the Participant’s Normal Retirement Date, the benefit will be reduced for early commencement using the deferred vested factors specified in Section 6.01 of the BHUH Pension Plan. If payment begins before the date the Participant would have attained age 55, the Plan benefit will be the Actuarial Equivalent of the benefit commencing at the date the Participant would have attained age 55. (2) Time of Payment and Form of Payment . Payment of the monthly death benefit described in (1) will commence within 60 days after the first day of the month beginning after the later of (i) the date of the Participant’s death or (ii) January 1, 2009. The last payment of the monthly death benefit will be due on the first day of the month in which the death of the surviving Spouse occurs. (c) Death while Inactive; 10 or More Years of Service or Terminated after Age 55 (1) Amount of Benefit . If a Participant (other than a Disabled Participant) is not an Active Participant, either has at least 10 years of Service or had a Termination of Employment on or after age 55, dies, then the Participant’s surviving Spouse shall be entitled to receive a Restoration Benefit, which shall be equal to the amount, if any, by which (A) exceeds (B), where (A) is the Gross Monthly Death Benefit that would have been provided under Section 7.01(e) of the BHUH Pension Plan commencing on the first day of the month following the later of (1) the Participant’s death and (2) the Participant’s 55th birthday if such benefit had been calculated using the Participant’s Final Average Restoration Pay or Average Monthly Restoration Earnings, as applicable, and determined without regard to the reduction in the Section 415 Benefit Limitation; and (B) is the actual Gross Monthly Death Benefit payable under Section 7.01(e) of the BHUH Pension Plan commencing on the first day of the month following the later of (1) the Participant’s death and (2) the Participant’s 55th birthday. H:\Edgar\BHC2009\Form 10K YE 2008\ex10-5_restorationplan.htm 21 If payment begins before the date the Participant would have attained age 55, the Plan benefit will be the Actuarial Equivalent of the benefit commencing at the date the Participant would have attained age 55. (2) Time of Payment and Form of Payment . Payment of the monthly death benefit described in (1) will commence within 60 days after first day of the month following the later of (i) the date of the Participant’s death or (ii) January 1, 2009. The last payment of the monthly death benefit will be due on the first day of the month in which the death of the surviving Spouse occurs. 26. VESTING Except as otherwise provided herein (including, but not limited to, the provisions of subparagraph 24(e)(1)), a Participant’s Restoration Benefit will vest only in accordance with the following table: Years of Service Percent of Benefit Vested Less than 5 years 0 5 or more years 100 Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Participant’s Restoration Benefit shall be 100% vested if the Participant is an Active Participant on or after his 55th birthday. The provisions for vesting set forth in this paragraph are not intended to give any Participants any right or claim to any specific assets of the Company. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the amended and restated Plan has been approved and executed by a duly authorized officer of the Company on this 29th day of October, 2008, on behalf of the Company. BLACK HILLS CORPORATION By /s/ David R. Emery and Chief Executive Officer H:\Edgar\BHC2009\Form 10K YE 2008\ex10-5_restorationplan.htm 22